README.md, before:

# Disclose

Pack your Node.js project into an executable without recompiling Node.js.

[![Gem Version](https://badge.fury.io/rb/disclose.svg)](https://badge.fury.io/rb/disclose)
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/pmq20/disclose.svg)](https://travis-ci.org/pmq20/disclose)
[![Code Climate](https://codeclimate.com/github/pmq20/disclose/badges/gpa.svg)](https://codeclimate.com/github/pmq20/disclose)
[![codecov.io](https://codecov.io/github/pmq20/disclose/coverage.svg?branch=master)](https://codecov.io/github/pmq20/disclose?branch=master)
[![Inch CI](http://inch-ci.org/github/pmq20/disclose.svg?branch=master)](http://inch-ci.org/github/pmq20/disclose?branch=master)

## Installation

    $ gem install disclose

## Dependencies

Make sure that your system has the following components,

- tar
- gzip
- xxd
- gcc

or on Windows,

- `tar.exe`, which could be installed by [gnuwin32](http://gnuwin32.sourceforge.net)
- `gzip.exe`, which could be installed by [gnuwin32](http://gnuwin32.sourceforge.net)
- `xxd.exe`, which could be installed by [gvim](http://www.vim.org/download.php#pc)
- `gcc.exe`, which could be installed by [mingw-w64](https://sourceforge.net/projects/mingw-w64)

The generated executable file is guaranteed to have no external dependencies.

## Usage

    $ disclose [node_path] [project_path]

## Example

On Windows,

    > disclose "C:\Program Files\nodejs\node.exe" "C:\Users\pmq20\AppData\Roaming\npm\node_modules\coffee-script"

On Unix,

    $ disclose /usr/local/bin/node /usr/local/lib/node_modules/coffee-script

## License

The gem is available as open source under the terms of the [MIT License](http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).

Commit message:

We recommend using `npm3` to generate the `node_modules` folder before packing

README.md, after:

# Disclose

Pack your Node.js project into an executable without recompiling Node.js.

[![Gem Version](https://badge.fury.io/rb/disclose.svg)](https://badge.fury.io/rb/disclose)
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/pmq20/disclose.svg)](https://travis-ci.org/pmq20/disclose)
[![Code Climate](https://codeclimate.com/github/pmq20/disclose/badges/gpa.svg)](https://codeclimate.com/github/pmq20/disclose)
[![codecov.io](https://codecov.io/github/pmq20/disclose/coverage.svg?branch=master)](https://codecov.io/github/pmq20/disclose?branch=master)
[![Inch CI](http://inch-ci.org/github/pmq20/disclose.svg?branch=master)](http://inch-ci.org/github/pmq20/disclose?branch=master)

## Installation

    $ gem install disclose

## Dependencies

Make sure that your system has the following components,

- tar
- gzip
- xxd
- gcc

or on Windows,

- `tar.exe`, which could be installed by [gnuwin32](http://gnuwin32.sourceforge.net)
- `gzip.exe`, which could be installed by [gnuwin32](http://gnuwin32.sourceforge.net)
- `xxd.exe`, which could be installed by [gvim](http://www.vim.org/download.php#pc)
- `gcc.exe`, which could be installed by [mingw-w64](https://sourceforge.net/projects/mingw-w64)

The generated executable file is guaranteed to have no external dependencies.

## Usage

    $ disclose [node_path] [project_path]

## Example

On Windows,

    > disclose "C:\Program Files\nodejs\node.exe" "C:\Users\pmq20\AppData\Roaming\npm\node_modules\coffee-script"

On Unix,

    $ disclose /usr/local/bin/node /usr/local/lib/node_modules/coffee-script

## Hints

* We recommend using `npm3` to generate the `node_modules` folder before packing

## License

The gem is available as open source under the terms of the [MIT License](http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).
